What's in your closet, John Podesta?
I love fighting for what I believe in. I love having fun while doing it.
Liberalism has never been about establishing a universal standard. Liberalism is simply intellectual cover for those wanting to gain political power and increase the size of the state.
In the public eye, being a victim of past injustices does not win the right to propagate current and future ones, and that's intolerable to those in charge of the race industry today, whose power relies on maintaining forever a latent rage that can be turned on and off at the will of the nation's elites.
I would never call people that are born in this country who are from Mexico 'terror babies.'
While I have no desire to see Mr. Obama's birth certificate, I do want to see his college transcripts.
They want to portray me as crazy, unhinged, unbalanced. OK, good, fine.
It may be a task that's so Herculean, but I think it's a worthy goal to try to open up America to individuals who just so happen to have a different skin color, that they have every right and every freedom to think what they want to think.
The Democratic Media Complex, in its pursuit of Orwellian hate-crime legislation, reparations, and sundry non-ameliorative resolutions to America's troubled racial past, pursues its victims with blood lust.
The mainstream media choose to flaunt story lines that make white America appear guilty of continued institutional racism, while black racism against whites is ignored as an acceptable disposition given our nation's history.
We just assumed that Walter Cronkite was unbiased. In hindsight, it is clear that Walter Cronkite was biased and that he used feigned objectivity as the cudgel to change the American narrative from being a right of center one to being a left of center one.
I have dreams that I will reach balance in my life, and, at forty-one, I have none.
There isn't a day when I don't look in the mirror and think, 'How in the hell did I become a conservative Republican?' It's still a weird reckoning, because it shouldn't have happened.
Media is everything. It's everything.
I deal with gay and black conservatives who don't want to be called Uncle Toms of their politically correct Marxist multi-cultural unit structure. And they come to me saying, 'What can I do?' And I say, 'Lay low.'
Exposed in the relentless Palin attacks is not just political bias but unmitigated class bias. The American mainstream media in its current free-fall is begging for more comeuppance when it continues to berate the values and lifestyles of the folks in flyover country who, in simpler times, used to be considered valued customers.
I am righteous and righteously indignant, the Tea Party is righteously indignant, and our goal is to not just save the country, but quite frankly, if America goes, so goes the world, so in our desire to save the country, we are trying to save the world.
It was go-along to get-along social. It was living in Los Angeles, being young and single, and flowing with the trendy liberal crowd.
George W. Bush is history's president, a man for whom the long-term success or failure of democracy in Iraq will determine his place in history.
I love fighting back. I love finding allies, and - famously - I enjoy making enemies.
Celebrity is everything in this country.
I think that 99 percent of the time, I'm jocular, lighthearted.
I am the political psychiatrist to the stars.
I'm not a huge fan of Bruce Springsteen, and it's certainly not because of his politics. I just don't like the aesthetic.
I am not as partisan as people think I am.
Just because I am paying attention to politics and culture doesn't mean that I should be talking about the health-care bill, talking about the minutiae.
There's nothing in this country that is a worse accusation - in America, if you accuse somebody of racism, that person has to disprove that.
My entire business model is to go on offense.
I've met many journalists who impress me with their ability to play it straight. I think they're the exception to the rule.
I want people to have a free and open voice.
I will say this: Boy, did I get lucky to work with Matt Drudge and Arianna Huffington.
I'm fighting back against years and years and years of the cultural and the political left telling people to sit down and shut up.
I want to make things equal.
The center-right alternative media has been playing a passable prevent defense, constantly saying 'That's not right' for consistently biased reporting.
Let me tell you this: if Marco Rubio - even though he's only been in the Senate for a very short period of time, that man has a huge, huge opportunity in this country, and I think he could be the president.
I don't believe in altering the Constitution.
I'm not up for changing the Tenth Amendment or the Fourteenth Amendment, the First Amendment or the Second Amendment.
I love Whole Foods. I love the Austin-based boutique supermarket chain so much I find ways to go there almost every day.
Whole Foods is a wonderland molded to accommodate the psyche of the socially-responsible, guilt-ridden liberal - the crunchy Kucinich capitalist.
The downside to the Whole Foods experience is that its success is driven by one of our era's more grotesque phenomena: the upwardly-mobile urban dweller, the one who wants to indulge class-conscious epicurean yearnings and save the world, too.
I get stopped by people on the Upper West Side of Manhattan - actors, directors, people that I revere - who are closet conservatives who feel the same way but can't speak out. And they think I am fighting for them so they can come out of the closet eventually and express themselves without worrying about losing their jobs.
I'm a 'Saturday Night Live' guy. I'm a comedy guy. As long as they're giving it to everyone, I don't care about how low they go, most of the time.
I recognized... very, very early on that ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN and Fox News were dependent on The Associated Press and Reuters. So my daily intake of information is from watching the newswires.
I remember thinking when I was in college that a lot of these known Chomsky-like, verbose, high-lefty thinkers made absolutely no sense, but I thought that was my problem.
When I started to work in Hollywood at a fairly low level delivering scripts around town, listening to AM talk radio, I at first listened to it as a novelty.
It's almost embarrassing to go back into my liberal background because it was about as shallow a belief system as humanly possible.
I love reporting stories that the Complex refuses to report.
I've lost friends, perhaps dozens. But I've gained hundreds, thousands - who knows? - of allies.
I have no bigger goal than to eradicate racism, to grant Americans who have a different color of skin the right to disagree against the Left's style of orthodoxy.
My ability to be emotive and cry... I think I'm so fearful of tapping that that I won't know how to turn it off.
I'm sick of seeing my face on television.
'Exculpatory' is in the eye of the beholder.
